Haunted Hostel ‪#‎CollegeKeDin‬ #5

Headnote: This happened in my first month at NIT Silchar ,2014.

What I perceived as an entirely normal action, turned out to be calamitous for a significant many , that too in a college with some of the most in-gullible brains.

I called my Barney Squad (Yeah! We’re big Barney fans then :P) that consisted of guys ,some known from before college and some with whom I had gelled-up well in those short days, to my room 8243 (Hostel 8, Floor 2nd, Room No. 43). 
Kunal Choudhury and I came up with the idea of trying the Ouija Board, used for calling spirits. In minutes we buckled up , hours after finally getting an idea to fill the jobless moment.

P^3 (Partha Pritam Paul) managed a wooden ply to make a temporary planchette out of it. Dipankar there shouts “Got the candles ”, while Chinmoy, my roomie rapidly starts dividing his attention towards our plan and his laptop screen. The board was ready with the writings and hence the ‘Barney’ squad!

Wall-mates came to know of the hustle in the adjacent room.
It then got the attention of the people in the floor.
And slowly the news of 5 guys trying the planchette reached the ears of the entire block.

Seriously , we never expected to attract so much attention the moment we heard whooshing noises down the hall in the 2nd floor . Around 20-25 people had gathered outside our door. But none came inside the room!

A guy (later came to be known as Siddharth) remarked from the door “ Bro, we ain’t married yet; stop this nuisance!”. Like seriously?

Out of horror , someone just shut the door behind us , not locked though. 
This sparked our naughty cells up. We decided to create a sensation to the 20-25 odd people waiting outside.

So P^3 switched the lights-off in the room. Dipankar lit the candles. Kunal and I started moving our fingers in the Ouija board, basically following the planchette procedures (ofcourse after learning from YouTube!). I asked Dipankar to move our steel beds in rapid motion and hence make some quaky noises in the floor. The idea was to indicate that something actually was happening in the pursuit of calling spirits. There were whispers outside the dark room. People got damn concerned. It was evident from their voices. This continued for a few minutes after which Kunal and I started chanting spells in some ‘fictional language’ making it sufficiently audible to the people outside! Surprisingly, no one came in. Arey bhai, if anyone had made inside would probably have seen Chinmoy coding in his newly installed C# compiler tongue emoticon

It was then decided that P^3 be sent outside the room to transfer some horror. He was checked to make a stunned face and what he did was the ruling episode of the night. While Dipankar was still into shaking beds and creating paranormal noises out of it, P^3 was suddenly made to run out of the room as fast as he could , screaming out loud in horror while still putting on that rehearsed face. Guys outside ,in their deepest horror , also started running behind our actor to the other end of the floor finally moving down the stairs. 20-25 people vanished in the tick of a second!! And you say we’re in N.I.T !

We laughed our asses off grin emoticon Quite a Barney act, eh? !

Footnote : Wall-mates and a few neighbour friends never returned to the floor that night.
Dolan (CSE) and a bunch of others couldn’t go to the bathroom alone and this continued for days.
Some of the people had second thoughts before talking to us the next day.

By,
Madhurjya Nath
Civil Engineering,
3rd semester,
National Institute of Technology , Silchar.

PTBN and Technozion, NIT Warangal, the annual technical extravaganza present "College Ke Din".
Participate & WIN Cash prizes worth 8000 and many more www.ptbn.org/college-ke-din/
